=head1 NAME

Template::Plexsite - Templating for interlinked templates

=head1 SYNOPSIS



=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<Template::Plexsite> is a template system designed to give flexibility in
writing templates for repetitive and interlinked content like HTML and CSS.

There is very little external configuration as each template has the power to
add resources, import modules and define local helper code and variables.
L<Template::Plex> is used in the back end to power this module, so all the
features such as init blocks, inheritance, sub templates, etc are used and
extended to implement the relational features.

=head1 SO WHAT DOES IT DO?

Specifically, L<Template::Plexsite> provides the boot strapping templates need
to B<reference other templates by their original name and location>. The final
destination of the templates does not need to be known.

What that means if you have template A which has a link to template B and vice
versa, both templates can reference each other without knowing the output
location beforehand. 


=head1 DIRECTIVES

=head2 inherit

template_path

=head2 output

location title

=head2 lander

location name type

=head2 locale
 
name



=head2 TODO

	Fallback locale
	progress bar on build
	filtering options (url encoding)
	file statistics
	packing

=head1 ON DISK TEMPLATE STRUCTURE

=head2 Index file

Plexsite template is:

=over 

=item Directory with a B<.plt> extension.

The name of the directory can be anything as long as it ends with .plt

=item Must have an index file in the .plt directory

The prefix of the index file must be 'index' and the suffex must either end in
".plex" or have it as the second last extension
  ie
      index.plex.html
      index.html.plex
      index.some.other.plex.html
      index.some.other.html.plex
  
The first form is prefered. It gives text editors a chance to perform syntax
syntax highlighting for known file types for example.

When the PLT template is loaded, the first index file found in the PLT
directory is loaded:


=item They can have any number of sub directories and files

A template can be a package of sorts containing images, style sheets, other plt
templates and basic plex templates



=head2 Locale/Variant 

Each PLT template supports variants or locales. The specified locale is the
name of a directory within the PLT directory,  which is checked for an index
file (like above). If its found, it will loaded and ready for use if you choose
to render it.
B<NOTE:> The name of the locale index file must be the same as the main one

=back



=head1 PRCOESSING OVERVIEW

setup/init stage
  output is calculated
  accumulated site map

render stage
  accumulates stie mape is accessable



=head1 INTERLINKED CONTENT

Templates can  link to other static files and templates by using the name of the 




=head1

Templates are the same syntax as L<Template::Plex>, but has been extended into C<Template::Plexsite>
